# Privacy Policy

Mels built the MelsHelp app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Mels at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at MelsHelp unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use “cookies”.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-04-08

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mels.help.work@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
